# List of bugs

- say, unit is in 'm/s', when I do qty.to('cm/s'), or from kg/s to g/s, it doesn't work. But when I specify the units in cm/s or g/s, it doesn understand and automatically convert it to SI units. When I input (g/s) as unit for qty, it says not recognized. Also, when I write dimensions of a qty like [LMT-2], it doesn't recognize.
-It doesn't recognize "in" as in inches. `cm**3 to m**3` didn't work, said L3 cannot be m**3.
- When computation is done normally like explicitly, units propagate just fine, but when a qty is given with units to a relation, then the output of the relation does not propagate the units. It only looks for the units specified in it's return statement. Units must propagate everywhere.
- solvers need to have explicit names or explicit arguments for a reader of the code to know if it is RK45 or some other method and make sense of the result. These things should not be abstracted. Only the grunt of iterative loops need to be abstracted.
- Also, I see, in the coupled_sys example, the monitoring comes after the result summary, but I thought, the monitoring residuals was meant to happend during solving so that the user can see if the solution is converging or oscillating etc.. So, if monitoring was set to true in solve, that would automatically display live residuals.
- Apaprently, my NASA CEA python version does not have species output unlike the web NASA CEA version. So, let's write an adapter for cantera. I can install with pip install cantera and then use it inside the anvil framework with the cantera adapter. Also, write an example to perform H2/O2 combustion calculation using catera.
- What happens if I write an adapter and register with the same name ? Think about such all such off-design cases for all components of the framework and account for proper operation in all of them.
- I need to be able to easily add, remove, list and search RSQs. Say, one of my use cases would be, I am setting up RSQs for a project of mine, I wouldn't want to disturb the entire registry, so I would make a new domain and store my RSQs under that domain and use them from there and once they start producing correct results I add the more general domain to it. Maybe introduce a "project" or like a sub-shell function, once started, it'll maintain it's own registry of the project specific RSQs in the project directory while at the same time being able to access the global registry.
- Add more solvers, RSQs in aerodynamics, controls and materials. 
- Start working on making anvil work with parallel computing. It must be very simple to a user. Have the required mpi packages installed and then just specify the settings in the code (like no. of processors etc.) and then the framework should take care of the parallelization.
- A lot of researchers use jupyter notebooks for their work. So, anvil must be very much notebook oriented in operation.
